whats up guys its ravaged gaming here
and welcome to episode 4 in the grind
now am I seen that the chance to get in
messy and I realized at 260 Microsoft
Points left for all night and I'm se
that'd be pretty sick so far I'll buy a
premium pack trust me guys kept the
tissues ready cuz i am about to cum all
over the place so shield your faces pull
your penises out get to them vinegar
strokes are you ready for this I have
never ever been rewarded this much in
two days in my wife team of the year
Jordi Alba yesterday Oh widow teams
years javi wow I if you if I could have
if I was live streaming at this point
you did you just seen it either you too
pissed yourselves I have a girl for next
to me I'm slapping her I'm not happy not
in an abusive wait no I'm not like that
I mean I'm like slapping her legs I'm
jumping around I'm shouting me Dad I'm
just not gonna fucking believe it timle
a video I've always had bad luck with
pax terrible look absolutely or fork and
it's you know i stumped me 3,000
microsoft points points to get there and
it was a last point too hard and i
managed to get Jeffrey so obviously it's
gone up for sale no doubt about it i'm
not going to wear stick him in the team
yeah he could fit in the team but for me
i'd rather the coins and then i can
build a second team but a third team you
know for all the other room competitions
that are out there so it goes for 380 on
average 380 k so i thought a point flat
3 350 370 something like that he's still
up still now he didn't sell through it
in the first few hours so i put one for
air 350 by now 12 hours so he should sew
up tonight so I do do that later on the
video I don't even show it i don't think
it do book so if i do pull 350k out for
him then you know we're gonna have some
pretty decent teams to we're looking
forward to and probably some very nice
all in form teams as well i'm thinking
about being all inform ligue 1 team well
there will sort some output will see
what tournaments going up
the future anyway and what we can comply
with and so going into the first game of
the ESPN Tournament I was very nervous
not played a thief or a long long time
via getting a bit excited and just want
to see how it go and set and angels on
plane and he has din din din ass area at
e3 informs that if informed whaddaya
think it is and ibraheem a bitch up from
my worst enemy I hate the guy and you're
gonna see in this video and it I knew it
was gonna take me a few games to get
back into it what come on eight minutes
eight minutes Oh God Ibrahimovic I hate
him he's just in my eyes he's just he's
too strong these two goodies not he's
amazing in real life don't get me wrong
but you know he's not like Dana Tyler
hits the second one and I'm starting to
lose all hope now I was just crumbling
away forgetting our to defend let that
man through right there all the whole of
this game with my own fault romper
keeper out why it's just the way it is
sometimes and everything yet I mean my
fault three and a half time comes into
the second half bang Abraham a hitch and
I hey what can you do but and I'm not
gonna go out there and buy him justices
like that I'm not like that i don't like
these overly stupidly overly rate please
what you can see I get frustrated I'm
just running into him he's doing shit
like that trying to get him and then I
start thinking about it start right mark
think about marking just triangle from a
four I've obviously lost I'm accepting
that I've lost what I was going to use
the rest this game was a bit of a
learning curve living experience just
trying to fly it back basically
beautiful room the thrill of hesse I've
found that Lavezzi is definitely my
strongest playing the team if you don't
have Lexia Beckerman binding but then
look at that I did a stupid cut back my
own fault Nagatomo Alexi malinka very
well as well look at this he's just down
that wing every time I have shown him
quite a bit in this video I'll show him
quite a bit in the future I can see what
he's just brilliant chairman couldn't
hit that diving under them that would
have been spectacular Cavani on the ball
here nice look at that look at that I
pressed it and he still didn't free ball
it we've played it back and I've
directed it that way and everything
don't you hate that sometimes but still
a nice little in copy room with actually
winning the ball again
absolutes Hank it's going to the back
nothing from it it's just the way it
seems to be all game absolutely nothing
from it nice little roulette there by
demaria crossed in and cleared again it
was just everything these players are in
the right position at all times I just
couldn't seem to do anything fair enough
to him well done for winning so I am as
a suggestion from a subscriber I decided
to occur in there to get rid of the the
red chemistry which you know thank you
very much for suggesting it muchly
appreciated so Jerry Lanza was out he
didn't really do much anyway I do like
Alonzo but you know he didn't seem to be
cutting it okok i went in and there's a
rat a went or from so in its game was
against Paul KFC and he had a league
want him a very nice team and a team of
the year from as well I'm not sure who
he is and sorry about that but let's see
just sure enough some nice work straight
into the game I had a good feel in this
game it was just as good as last poem
but I took it more seriously XXX didn't
didn't get his nothing they do work a
lot for me so I do do it a lot but
Lavezzi again on the ball tackled my own
fault I should have cut into the side of
him my but it has a good few chances in
this game it was a very entering game
you know I would have to ensure on the
full 20 minutes he wanted to show you
all the chances because it was just
chance after chance for both of us it
was an absolutely brilliant game cannot
deny that fact and he playing some nice
balls or just trying to work the ball up
slowly just get it the non-russian it's
not how I play elevate see again ran
into it so I'm joining these clips is
just a reason so i can look like a dick
and learn from mistakes any tips for me
anything that I'm doing wrong you want
to help me on please feel free to and
picking up the ball back here now an MS
plays into Lavezzi nice a little bit
school work just to get past him that
tackled it off him rubbed in through him
so easy what do you do it XXX slotted
into ratush cause he's debut call and
you can call me day you can call me what
you want boy if you've got an
opportunity like that every single one
of you will take it without a shadow of
a doubt so now go back on fidence back
I'm feeling great I'm going for him i'm
going for him
bullshit free kick that's the way it is
but honestly I'm feeling so much better
after that last game after well after
this game should i say and just getting
really good feel for my team now ok
diving headers again it going from all
the time I do bring our neck Cavani I
think at some point because out what a
vital serve right there absolutely
beautiful said but I says I look at that
it did it again I directed it fall and
it passed it back I hate that well look
it's a little bit see one I can't get
off him I think it's absolutely
phenomenal is way overrated but it can
be complaining he's just it performed so
well I reckon for the price what they're
picking one for nineteen hundred coins
and you might as well might as well baby
might as well I'd have him in any team
at work out outs or the chemistry works
for him out of even anything absolutely
phenomenal player best left winger ever
I want blaming left mid so much I
probably will keep them left when you
because either a has got a day shot him
but anyway that wraps this game up one
nil into the second game so finally with
11 progress into the next round of the
tournament and look out for episode 5
guys if you enjoyed this please like the
video it's always a pre shade leave me
some comments of any pretty much
thinking back on the team pace